=pod

=encoding utf8

=head1 NAME

Game::Tibia::Cam - Read/Convert TibiCam .rec files to pcaps


=head1 SYNOPSIS

    # cam2pcap script
    use Game::Tibia::Cam;
    local $/;
    print Game::Tibia::Cam->new(rec => <>)->pcap;


=head1 DESCRIPTION

With programs like TibiCam, Tibia game sessions can be saved to a custom format and replayed with a modified game client.

This plugin allows conversion between some of these formats and the more main-stream pcap format.

=head1 METHODS AND ARGUMENTS

=over 4

=item new(rec => $recording, [is_str => undef])

Here, the [] indicate an optional parameter.

Constructs a new C<Game::Tibia::Cam> instance. C<$recording> is either a binary string
resulting from reading a recording in the C<*.rec> format or the filename of such a recording.

When C<$is_str> is C<undef>, the type of C<$recording>'s contents is inferred from the first bytes.

Function croaks if opening file fails.

=item ptotal()

Returns the total number of packets in the recording. This is C<O(1)>.

=item version()

Returns the recording's protocol version. If the version can't be precisely determined, return value should be interpreted as C<($min, $max)> instead. Otherwise, C<($ver, $ver)>.

=item pfirst()

Returns the first packet in a capture

=item pnum()

Returns the number of the packet that has just been read by C<pnext>

=item pnext()

Returns the next packet in a capture

=item duration()

Returns the duration of the clip. This requires traversing all unparsed packets, so calling it after C<pnext> returns C<undef> is preferable.

=item pcap([ file => undef, synthesize_login  => 1])

Either creates a new pcap file or append the data to a file handle if specified. In both cases, it returns a file handle for possible further appending. If C<file> is C<undef>, which it is by default, a string with the contents is returned instead.

Unless, C<< synthesize_login => 0 >>, a Tibia game server login packet is prepended to the pcap. This allows the pcap to be directly read into wireshark and dissected with the Tibia dissector, because otherwise Wireshark wouldn't know for sure what version and possibly XTEA key, the capture has.

If RSA encryption is required, the OTServ RSA key is used.

=back

=head1 GIT REPOSITORY

L<http://github.com/athreef/Game-Tibia-Cam>

=head1 SEE ALSO

L<Game::Tibia::Packet>

L<Tibia Wireshark Plugin|https://github.com/a3f/Tibia-Wireshark-Plugin>.

=head1 AUTHOR

Ahmad Fatoum C<< <athreef@cpan.org> >>, L<http://a3f.at>

=head1 COPYRIGHT AND LICENSE

Copyright (C) 2017 Ahmad Fatoum

This library is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the same terms as Perl itself.

=cut
